docs/index.md, before:

## Summary

Ever wanted to play Blackjack at anytime, of course you have, everyone's a gambler! We made it so 
that you can play Blackjack at anytime, revolutionary I know. This one in a million app lets you 
feel the lows and highs off your favorite money waster, without wasting any money!

## Intended users

* People who enjoy gambling, but don't like to lose money
> As someone who loves to gamble, I want the app to not allow you to spend any real money.I want to
> just play Blackjack or other casino games without the risk of losing all my savings. I want a real
> betting system, but with fake currency, so I have no risk of losing my money.

* People who just enjoy Blackjack
> As one of the top Blackjack players in my state, I want a Blackjack app that is just Blackjack,
> nothing extra. It would be nice if it had a minor leaderboard system as well, something to see 
> how many people have a better win ratio.

## Functionality

* Play whenever you want

You have to go to a casino if you want to bet money, unfortunately, our app doesn't change that(yet)
, however it does change were and when you can play Blackjack, on your way to work? Why not take out
your phone and get a little rush from trying to win some chips. On a really boring date? some 
gambling should help ease your empty wallet. It's the ultimate convince, play wherever you want, 
whenever you want!

* Avoid losing money.

As of writing this our app has 0 in-app purchases, meaning no matter how much you might want to buy
more chips after losing them all, you can't. Don't worry, you can't go below 1 chip, so you can
always have a chance to climb back up and win big. Any normal casino would kick you out after you 
lose everything, not us, we pride ourselves on always letting our users come back to some amount of
chips, never 0.

## Persistent data

* Amount of chips after exiting the app/ leaving the table.

* Win/Loss/Push ratio after exiting the app/ leaving the table.

* Current hands of player and dealer if left during an ongoing game.

* Last played hands of player and dealer.

* google log in data, so you don't have to log back in.

## Device/external services

* Photo library access for importing images

* access to google log in

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements 

* In-App Purchases

* Multiplayer

* Rankings

* ways to earn more chips in case you reach 1 chip

Commit message:

Added wireframe and updated more in index

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Blackjack
description: Blackjack on the go.
menu: Overview
order: 0
---

## Summary

Ever wanted to play Blackjack at anytime, of course you have, everyone's a gambler! We made it so 
that you can play Blackjack at anytime, revolutionary I know. This one in a million app lets you 
feel the lows and highs off your favorite money waster, without wasting any money!

## Intended users

* People who enjoy gambling, but don't like to lose money
> As someone who loves to gamble, I want the app to not allow you to spend any real money.I want to
> just play Blackjack or other casino games without the risk of losing all my savings. I want a real
> betting system, but with fake currency, so I have no risk of losing my money.

* People who just enjoy Blackjack
> As one of the top Blackjack players in my state, I want a Blackjack app that is just Blackjack,
> nothing extra. It would be nice if it had a minor leaderboard system as well, something to see 
> how many people have a better win ratio.

## Functionality

> When you start the App you'll be met with a log in screen, you can login with Google or just play 
> as guest. after you've lo

## Persistent data

* Amount of chips after exiting the app/ leaving the table.

* Win/Loss/Push ratio after exiting the app/ leaving the table.

* Current hands of player and dealer if left during an ongoing game.

* Last played hands of player and dealer.

* google log in data, so you don't have to log back in.

## Device/external services

* Photo library access for importing images

* access to google log in

* [Deck Of Cards API](http://deckofcardsapi.com/)

## Stretch goals/possible enhancements 

* In-App Purchases

* Rankings

* ways to earn more chips in case you reach 1 chip

* different styled decks
